To build this edition of PasswordMaker, you'll need Trolltech's QT and QSA or
mHash.

----------------
- For Windows: -
----------------
Note: Unless you have a licence for QT, you MUST download the open source
version, and use MinGW to compile.

Step 1: Install Trolltech QT (4.3 or higher)
Just download the latest version of QT, and install. If you don't have MinGW,
use the installer with MinGW in the name, and have it install MinGW for you.

Note: If you don't get asked to register enviroment varibles for QT, you need to
add QT's bin directory to your path and set QTDIR to where you installed QT
(normally c:\QT\<version>) if you're not going to use the shortcut in QT's
program menu to get a proper command prompt.

Step 2: Run qmake
In a proper build enviroment, just run: qmake

If you're using mhash, the command (for some extra bit of speed, but lacking
HMAC-SHA-256 Version 1.5.2) would look like this:
qmake USE_MHASH=1
or if you're using the provided mHash libraries
qmake USE_MHASH=1 MHASH_DIR=shared/3rdparty/mhash/mingw

You may add USE_CONSOLE=1 if you want console output for debugging reasons.

This version also supports using a subdirectory called data to store it's
settings. Just add PORTABLE=1 to the qmake line you're using to activate this
feature. The resulting filename will be PasswordMakerPortable.exe

Step 3: Run make

If you plan on running your own built version on other computers, either compile
QT statically, or include the dll files in the directory you compiled it in.
(Make sure to copy the sqldrivers directory with the sqlite dll as well)

---------------------------------
- For Linux (and maybe Mac OSX) -
---------------------------------
Note: If your distro of Linux has a package system, you may use that to install
the libraries used.

Step 1: Install Trolltech QT (4.3 or higher)
If you can't use your package system (or don't have one) to install QT, the
instructions on that come with QT should be enough. Some distros may require
installing development tools to compile stuff. You need to make sure the SQL
(with a SQLite driver) and XML modules are installed. If you're not using mHash,
the QtScript module needs to be installed.

Step 2 (Optional): Install mHash
Use this method if you want the passwords to be generated faster. Doing so will
not allow you to use HMAC-SHA256 Version 1.5.2 however.

Step 3: Run qmake
If you're using QtScript, just run: qmake
If you're using mHash, run: qmake USE_MHASH=1
If the include and lib directories for mHash is not in the normal search path,
add MHASH_DIR=<path> replacing path with where to find mHash include and lib
files.